Add LLC Quickstart Tutorial (#25356)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: doc/Dataplane Code Gen/DataplaneCodeGen_Quickstart_Tutorial.md

> # Dataplane Code Gen Quickstart Tutorial

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Azure SDK Code Geneneration Quickstart Tutorial (Data Plane)
```

Let's write out data plane as two separate, unhyphenated words, as done here: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-resource-manager/management/control-plane-and-data-plane

> In this tutorial, we will walk through creating a new DataPlane Code Gen SDK based on [Azure SDK Design guidelines](https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/dotnet_introduction.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The purpose of the Azure SDK is to provide a unified developer experience across Azure services. In this tutorial, we will walk through creating a new Azure SDK Generated Client library for a data plane Azure service.  The output library will have a standardized API based on the  [.NET Azure SDK Design Guidelines](https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/dotnet_introduction.html).  
```

> We will use the [Dataplane Code Gen template](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/tree/main/sdk/template-LLC) project as a reference. We have a template [swagger file](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/tree/main/sdk/template-LLC/Azure.Template.LLC/src/swagger) containing a REST API definition based on [Azure REST API Guidelines](https://github.com/microsoft/api-guidelines/blob/vNext/azure/Guidelines.md). We will use the swagger to generate SDK using [autorest.csharp](https://github.com/Azure/autorest.csharp).

Reviewer: What if we did this?

```suggestion
We will use the [Azure SDK Generated Client template](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/tree/main/sdk/template-dpg) project as a reference. We have a template [swagger file](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/tree/main/sdk/template-LLC/Azure.Template.LLC/src/swagger) containing a REST API definition based on [Azure REST API Guidelines](https://github.com/microsoft/api-guidelines/blob/vNext/azure/Guidelines.md). We will use the swagger to generate SDK using [autorest.csharp](https://github.com/Azure/autorest.csharp).
```

  - Need at least .NET Framework 4.6.1 and 4.7 development tools
- Install the **.NET Core cross-platform development** workloads in VisualStudio
- Install **.NET Core 5.0.301 SDK** for your specific platform. (or a higher version within the 5.0.*** band)  (https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download/dotnet-core/5.0)
- Install the latest version of [git](https://git-scm.com/downloads)
- Install [PowerShell](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/scripting/install/installing-powershell), version 6 or higher.
- Install [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/) (14.x.x).

## Setup your repo

- Fork and clone an [azure-sdk-for-net](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net) repo. Follow the instructions in the [.NET Contributing.md](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/issues/12903) to fork and clone the `azure-sdk-for-net` repo.
- Create a branch to work in. 

## Getting started

For this tutorial, we'll create a getting started project in a branch of your fork of `azure-sdk-for-net` repo. To create the project, we'll copy the [Azure.Template.DataplaneCodeGen](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/tree/main/sdk/template-LLC) project for .NET.

> The `Azure.Template.DataplaneCodeGen` project is a great place to get started with Azure SDK .NET library development in general, as it contains a number of common patterns we use for tests, samples, documentation, generating API listings. It also has an example of a generated library for demonstrating Dataplane Code Gen APIs.

Reviewer: What about? 

```suggestion
The `Azure.Template.Generated` project is a great place to get started with Azure SDK .NET library development in general, as it contains a number of common patterns we use for tests, samples, documentation, generating API listings. It also has generated code demonstrating an example Data Plane Generated Client.
```

**Learn more**: see other features listed in the [Azure.Template.DataplaneCodeGen README](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/blob/main/sdk/template-LLC/Azure.Template.LLC/README.md).

### Create the project

#### 1. Copy the Azure.Template.DataplaneCodeGen directory

Copy the `sdk\template-dataplanecodegen` directory to an `sdk\<your-service-name>` directory at the same level. For example, from the root of your cloned repo:

```
% mkdir sdk\<your-service-name>
% xcopy sdk\template-dataplanecodegen sdk\<your-service-name> /E
```

**Learn more:** to understand more about the Azure SDK repo structure, see [Repo Structure](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk/blob/master/docs/policies/repostructure.md) in the `azure-sdk` repo.

#### 2. Remove existing generated code

Open the `Azure.Template.DataplaneCodeGen.sln` file from the `sdk\<your-service-name>\Azure.Template.DataplaneCodeGen` directory.

> You'll notice that the `Azure.Template.DataplaneCodeGen` project already has generated code in it!  You're welcome to explore what's there -- it's been generated from the swagger file in the `swagger` folder. For this tutorial, however, we'll delete these generated files so we can start clean.

Reviewer: > in the `swagger` folder

provide a path starting from `sdk\...` for this?

- Delete the Generated folder in the `Azure.Template.DataplaneCodeGen` project.
- Delete the `swagger` folder in the `Azure.Template.DataplaneCodeGen` project.

#### 3. Rename the solution and projects

In Visual Studio:

> - Rename the `Azure.Template.DataplaneCodeGen` project to `Azure.<your-sdk-name>`.

Reviewer: > to `Azure.<your-sdk-name>`.

Would it make sense to use the same naming convention as in the .NET guidelines?  `Azure.<group>.<service>`

- Rename the `Azure.Template.DataplaneCodeGen` solution to `Azure.<your-sdk-name>`.
- Remove the `Azure.Template.DataplaneCodeGen.Tests` project from the solution.

**Note**: `Azure.<your-sdk-name>` is the Azure SDK package name.

> **Learn more:** see the [.NET Guidelines on Namespace Naming](https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/dotnet_introduction.html#dotnet-namespace-naming) for more information on naming Azure SDK packages. This name diverges from approved Azure SDK namespaces, since it is intended to be used just for this tutorial.

Reviewer: It's worth noting that the package name/namespace will be something the architects will help standardize according to the guidelines.

#### 4. Save and commit your changes to your branch

This will make it easier to see the changes you make when you generate code in the clean solution.

```
% git add -A
% git commit -m "initial commit for <service-name>"
```

### Create the generated layer

In this section, we'll create a generated API layer built on Azure Core. We'll use a small swagger file containing a REST API definition for Azure Messaging WebPubSub.

> **Learn more:** the [autorest.csharp README](https://github.com/Azure/autorest.csharp#setup) has great samples showing how to customize the API in the generated code. Explore this further as you design APIs for your own service.

Reviewer: Instead of saying "customize" here, what about saying "add convenience APIs"?  Does that sound correct?

#### 1. Set the Swagger File

Open autorest.md in your `Azure.<your-sdk-name>` project. In the input-file definition, replace the file path with your swagger link, for example: [WebPubSub swagger link](https://github.com/Azure/azure-rest-api-specs/blob/39c7d63c21b9a29efe3907d9b949d1c77b021907/specification/webpubsub/data-plane/WebPubSub/stable/2021-10-01/webpubsub.json). Update a namespace definition to set the namespace C# generator will use when creating your types. Update the AAD token credential(for AAD token, refer [this](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/blob/main/sdk/template-LLC/Azure.Template.LLC/src/autorest.md#autorest-configuration) example) or Azure key credential (for Azure Key credential, refer [this](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/blob/main/sdk/webpubsub/Azure.Messaging.WebPubSub/src/autorest.md#swagger-sources) example). Save your changes.

Your `autorest.md` file should now look like:

````md
# `Azure.<your-sdk-name>` Code Generation

Run `dotnet build /t:GenerateCode` to generate code.

### AutoRest Configuration
> see https://aka.ms/autorest

``` yaml

> input-file:

Reviewer: Some services use a different flag here and point to a readme.md file in the azure-rest-api-specs repo ... Is there documentation describing this that we could link out to?

Author: We don't have any docs about it. I added the `input-file` that partner team can use directly to add the swagger link for getting started with the new library.

- <swagger-file-link>
namespace: <namespace>
public-clients: true

> low-level-client: true

Reviewer: This will change to `--data-plane` ... I've created issue https://github.com/Azure/autorest.csharp/issues/1700 to track this.

security: AADToken
security-scopes: <AAD-token-scope>
```
````

> **Learn more:** see the [.NET Guidelines for Namespaces](https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/dotnet_introduction.html#dotnet-namespace-naming) to learn more about namespaces in the Azure SDK.

Reviewer: Let's link to a reference for the readme.md instead of the namespace guidelines here.

#### 2. Run the Generate Command

From a PowerShell command prompt, navigate to the directory holding `Azure.<your-sdk-name>.sln`. Run the following commands:

```
sdk\<your-service-name>\Azure.<your-sdk-name>\src> dotnet msbuild /t:GenerateCode
```

> #### 3. Explore the Generated Code

Reviewer: I'm wondering if we can restructure this a bit to move the Explore part forward before the reader does the generation.  If we do, we can walk them through what's in the project before we have them start deleting/renaming things and refer to areas we know will be there.

Author: I kept this section here but also, I added the description at the top(second paragraph) of this section about the autorest.md and generated folder [here](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/blob/9981a1f3c18dca95f186fe2adb8283e3c5caeb10/doc/Data%20Plane%20Code%20Generation/AzureSDKCodeGeneration_DataPlane_Quickstart.md#create-the-generated-layer).

- Rename the `TemplateServiceTests.cs` file to `<client-name>Tests.cs` and remove all the template project tests and add all the unit tests in this file.
- Remove the `SerializationHelpers.cs` file.

**Note**: `Azure.<your-sdk-name>` is the Azure SDK package name and `<client-name>` is a client name, C# generator will generate a client which you can find in `Azure.<your-sdk-name>/Generated` directory.

**Learn more:** see the [docs](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#to-test-1) to learn more about tests.

## Samples

In this section, we will talk about how to add samples. As you can see, we already have a `Samples` folder under `Azure.<your-sdk-name>/tests` directory. We run the samples as a part of tests. First, rename the `TemplateServiceSamples.HelloWorld.cs` file to `<client-name>Samples.HelloWorld.cs` and remove the existing sample tests. You will add the basic sample tests for your SDK in this file. Create more test files and add tests as per your scenarios.

**Learn more:** For general information about samples, see the [Samples Guidelines](https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/dotnet_introduction.html#dotnet-samples).

## Snippets

> Snippets are the great way to reuse the sample code. Please refer [this](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#updating-sample-snippets) to add snippets in your samples.

Reviewer: Would it be possible to call out that snippets allow us to verify that the code in our samples and READMEs is always up to date, and passes unit tests?

## Export Public API

If you make public API changes or additions, the `eng\scripts\Export-API.ps1` script has to be run to update public API listings. This generates a file in the library's directory similar to the example found in [sdk\template-dataplanecodegen\Azure.Template.DataplaneCodeGen\api\Azure.Template.DataplaneCodeGen.netstandard2.0.cs](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/blob/main/sdk/template-LLC/Azure.Template.LLC/api/Azure.Template.LLC.netstandard2.0.cs).

Running the script for a project in `sdk\webpubsub` would look like this: 
```
eng\scripts\Export-API.ps1 webpubsub
```

> ## Readme

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## README
```

> README.md file instructions are listed in `Azure.<your-sdk-name>/README.md` file. Please add/update the README.md file as per your library.

Reviewer: Could we link to the bare template in a **Learn More** section here?  Could we also link to a good example of a README for one of the Track 2 libraries, maybe Key Vault?
